Coursera Honor Code
Academic integrity is important to Coursera and our institutional partners. Your commitment to academic integrity shows respect for your own work and the work of your peers.

Honor Code
You need to follow Coursera’s Honor Code to uphold Coursera's standard of academic integrity:

Register for only one account. Your account is linked to your email address. If you register on our site with more than one email address, you are registering for more than one account. If you have already registered for two accounts, please contact us using the contact form at the bottom of this page.
Your answers to homework, quizzes, and exams must be your own work (except for assignments that explicitly permit collaboration).
You may not share your solutions to homework, quizzes, or exams with anyone else unless explicitly permitted by the instructor. This includes anything written by you, as well as any official solutions provided by the course staff.
You may not engage in any other activities that will dishonestly improve your results or dishonestly improve or damage the results of others.
Plagiarism
Plagiarism is when you copy words, ideas, or any other materials from another source without giving credit. Plagiarism is unacceptable in any academic environment, and is a serious violation of Coursera's Honor Code.

If some or all of your assignment is identified as plagiarism, you may lose all credit you received for the assignment. And if you earned a Course Certificate for that course, it may be taken away.

We understand our learners come from many different academic backgrounds, and many are unfamiliar with our academic standard for plagiarism. This violation of our policies may have been a one time mistake, but if you are found repeatedly plagiarizing, you may be removed from the course or even the Coursera community.

Flag plagiarism

To report plagiarism (copying materials from another source without giving credit):

Open the assignment you want to flag plagiarism in.
Click Flag submission on the top right.
Include links or other information to help us investigate.
Report Honor Code violations
You can report Honor Code violations by contacting Coursera support.